their lyrics still with us he of course
knows George and leads very well David
there's already been speculation now
that Stuart Huson has decided not to go
up to Leeds that someone like yourself
might be in her position I could never
see you know Stuart going here with
George it's nice maybe tip it's the same
way as they you know put me into it just
because I play golf for George and I'm a
good friend of George it's the same with
Stuart there no don't go yet I've had no
longer the thing that's made me laugh
there's George advice because there it's
a few weeks ago since I played golf and
you know we're both our handicap
something coming down been talking
football gone around the golf course not
boy his voice was a lot better done
there it is there but he's a great
manager you know leads are a fantastic
Club I was a disaster as a player there
for them but I enjoyed my time there the
area was lovely and the people in little
gray under a big club and they've gone
and got a fantastic manager who for the
nine years I was with arson his record
speaks for himself
so he'll do sometimes we don't know it's
gonna be at the moment then but we'll
talk about George what are his
priorities going to be at least I think
first of all to you know get a get the
defense right obviously George builds a
night you don't give much away and you
don't win anything without a good solid
defense I think the thing reading the
papers and looking you know reports come
elders duck he's got a lot of long-term
injuries slightly heavy hasn't gone in
there and he's got a squad there to look
at and assess but he's got some
important players that he's lost and
they're out for quite a long time like
your ball for instance yeah I can see
him magnet there until the end of the
season he lost the lad by a last last
week and he's gonna be out for quite a
long time and he's got other Flyers like
damn so it's gonna be it's gonna be
difficult at time but any man who can
steady the ship he's got money to spend
but you'll assess everybody they're
forced and at the bottom line you can
get it right how long do you think he'll
leave it before he does have to reach
for the checkbook because I know he said
he's reluctant to but he also says that
footballs moved along quite a bit since
he's been away and and now big
Premiership clubs are spending big money
well I think if he feels he needs a bit
player a certain position that player
becomes available tomorrow I think
George has gone get him but George will
spend our money wisely you've got it
nowadays and as I say I haven't spoken
to him what I'm sure already he
got an idea of what he made ideally I'd
love to have everybody fit and put them
out tomorrow but if it's gonna be it's
gonna be hard for first few months
they're from well at the end of the day
the end products he's been bought to
where he's bought they've been brought
there to win things and George Graham at
the end of a I'll do that for Legion I
don't know
and they'll deserve it you know it'll be
great for them do you think he might
look towards Arsenal for possible
transfer targets there's a lot there's
some good players there but the players
that say like Adams and David Seaman and
that you'd look towards that way I could
never see how so for but and
there we go
but only George could tell you though
how often only it's gonna look the rush
the season who's gonna finished highest
do you think I I think leaves at the end
of day a George now if you can get them
into Europe you great step for Amit
League wise if he can go get a good run
in the copping everybody fit that would
be a great start
so I they wasn't good enough last year
and I don't think they're good enough
this year they haven't really bought
anybody and at the end of the day I
think the United's Manchester United
Newcastle Liverpool Aston Villa's I
think they're the team's and ahead of
them and I cannot see Arsenal challenge
them for the league in any way thanks
very much David